Now the next thing we're going to tackle is a pretty big feature and the feature is our cart.
So if we go to our final application we'll see that our cart is represented as this shopping bag icon
with a number inside that increases whenever you add items to it.
Inside when you click this icon it will create this dropdown that shows you the items that you currently
have in your cart.
Now we have to keep in mind how we're going to store these items because if we go to our checkout we
also see the same items.
And if we start increasing the quantity here we actually see that our shopping icon is also increasing
in that number so this seems like it's two places in the application that uses the same state which
is perfect for what we know about redux because we know that these two components are going to share
the same state.
Now how do we build this.
Well there's a lot going on here.
So in this section we're going to put together a lot of the concepts that we just learned and expand
upon them to build this exciting feature so let's go back to our application code and what we first
need to do is bring in the actual SPG for the shopping bag icon.
Now I've already provided it for you so you can just add it into this folder of our assets
and inside of our assets you are just going to drop the SPG and so I'm just going to copy and paste
it in and then what we'll do is make the actual car icon component that represents both the icon and
the number.
So when our components let's make a cart icon component an inside will need our cart icon component
dodgy OSX and our cart icon dot styles dot size.
So first of all import in react from react will import in our style she and we're also going to import
in our shopping icon.
So we're gonna do react component as shopping icon from and then the year all of our SPG assets shopping
backed up that's.
Now what we're gonna write is a concept.
Carl Icahn equals a functional component that renders a div and this div is going to have the class
name of cart icon because it will hold both our shopping icon as well as our span that will represent
our total number of items.
Now for this span we're just going to say item count as its class name.
And for our shopping icon we're gonna give it the class name of shopping icon
and then let's export out by default our cart icon is spelled Defoe.
Now I have provided for you the styling for this card icon as I usually do and you can just paste this
into your cart icon styles but all I'm doing is I'm pretty much just setting our item count to be positioned
above and absolutely in the middle of our shopping icon.
So now let's bring this into our header component.
Now let's import in cart icon from cart icon card icon component and let's just drop it at the very
end of our header.
Now if we save and look at our code we see that we have our kite icon now right now.
None of that functionality is tied to it but we have our icon component in the next section.
We are going to actually start building out the dropdown and all of the redux that's going to be associated
to setting that up.